Hello, I wanted to speak with you to make sure you are aware of the latest updates on
you Albany's response to COVID-19.
This is a fast-moving situation and frequent updates are necessary.
Yesterday, you received an email from me explaining that after spring break on March 23rd, all
you Albany classes will be delivered remotely.
This morning, you received notice that we suspended classes today, Thursday.
This was done as precaution after we learned of a confirmed case of COVID-19 in our campus
community.
This individual will remain isolated from the campus population until they have been
cleared by public health officials.
We are working closely with the Albany County Department of Health to reach out to any student,
faculty or staff member who may have come in contact with this individual.
Also, as a precaution, we have closed the business building today for cleaning.
As I said, these fast-changing circumstances are going to continue to require frequent
updates.
It is very important that you continue to monitor your email for updates today, tomorrow,
and throughout spring break.
Please exercise caution regarding information you may see about the virus on social media,
especially as it relates to our campus community.
Our county and state health departments provide the only official confirmation of any communicable
disease, including COVID-19.
For additional information, please visit COVID-19 information page on our website.
For those of you who are leaving for spring break, please travel safely and everyone, please
continue to follow proper safety protocols.
Wash your hands frequently, use hand sanitizer, cough and sneeze into your elbow or sleeve,
avoid large gatherings, stay home if you are sick, and maintain as much social distance
as possible.
Let us continue to make sure that all members of our community are treated with the care,
dignity, and respect that we all deserve.
Be safe, be well, stay healthy, and again, please watch your emails, text, and the official
UAlbany social media channels for ongoing updates.
As the great-deng family, we will get through this together.